Previously on Switched at Birth...
This is 90 minutes for chemistry
and coming late, takes away
from the other students.
_
I broke Tank's heart,
and he is this great guy,
but I love Emmett.
Can we go back to being friends?
I would love that.
A movie version of your
book could still happen.
Yeah, right.
Take it to Broadway, they
could make a musical out of it.
Right over here. This is perfect.
I kept seeing dance numbers in my head.
You should go to USC.
I know that it's far away,
but you have to go.
I will come as soon as I can.
How's Emmett?
If he could make some friends,
then he'll be okay. But until then
I have to make him believe
that it's not a big deal we're
so far away from each other.
I have been fantasizing
about this moment for months.
_
Yeah, except I'm a convicted felon
and I don't talk to birds.
_
Daphne's dorm is having a party.
Tonight I might even go for a jog
around the neighborhood just for fun.
_
No.
Oh!
Fifteen seconds to midnight.
Fifteen.
Fourteen.
That's weird. Someone's here, hold on.
Oh my God!
Wh...
but how... wh...
_
This is...
thank you.
Oh, it's time.
It's time! It's time!
_
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
_
Five more minutes?
That's a good point.
Can you seriously only stay for two days?
_
Absolutely.
Totally,
but I was kind of looking forward to
being anywhere but inside.
_
I do.
I definitely, definitely do.
Uh, but maybe after we
could go out somewhere.
Oh, we could have, like, a picnic.
_
I mean it doesn't matter what we do.
It's gonna be awesome.
So, text me as soon as you wake up.
We have a lot of missed
time to make up for.
_
Sweet, sweet freedom.
I am so glad the elevator was out.
That thing's huge.
Maybe this one won't
crap out after a month.
Where should I...
just... right there's fine.
Okay.
Sorry, I just have this huge chem exam
in half an hour.
I got it.
I was gonna say hi to Melody anyway.
Great.
Ramen?
Oh, now I know you are studying too hard.
It's just for when I miss dinner.
Yeah, I've never seen you
go at something like this.
It's this professor.
She never praises anybody,
so it makes you work
twice as hard, you know?
She sounds tough.
Oh, she's amazing.
She raised two boys while she got her PhD,
and published all this great research.
She could totally be
at an Ivy League if she wanted,
so we're super lucky.
Impressive.
Plus, she was the only woman
in her graduating class at Caltech,
and she's beautiful.
Not that that's relevant, but...
Hm.
Oh, man!
Let me see.
I love those.
You know what, give them to me.
I'll get them resoled.
Awesome.
Okay.
I got to go. I'll talk to you later.
Understood.
Thanks for everything, mom.
All right, come on.
- _
_
Good.
It's a peace sign.
Come on.
Hey, relax.
You got this.
_
Just pretend he's a bucket.
Well, you're never gonna know
if you don't try.
Okay, just start slow and easy.
You throw a couple of wild pitches,
it doesn't matter.
You stay focused.
- Hey, Coach Walsh. John Kennish.
- It's a pleasure.
I was lucky enough to see you break
your doubles record in '90.
- Huh.
- Seems like yesterday.
Yeah.
Give or take 20 years.
Anyway, Coach, I want to introduce you to
the next generation.
This is Travis Barnes.
Thank you for letting me try out.
"Thank you for letting me try out."
John Kennish is willing to
put his reputation on the line,
you must be pretty special.
Uh, he says that if I trust you,
_
Whenever you're ready.
Yeah.
So, how long's he been playing?
Oh, you know, uh...
On and off since little league.
Don't let the deafness throw you, Coach.
If you need to tell him anything,
I can sign for you.
Let's just see what he's got.
Okay.
Come on.
Make up your mind.
Oh!
By the way, that was slow and easy.
Okay, people.
Pencils down.
Test booklets and answer
sheets to your left.
Congratulations on
surviving your first exam.
The good news
is that your grades will be posted online
in just a few short hours.
The wonders of technology, huh?
The bad news is that if
history is consistent,
a third of you will fail.
I would strongly encourage
those who do to drop the class.
Not all of you are
destined to become doctors.
So, how'd you do?
Honestly, I think I did really well.
I expected nothing less.
_
That is some pretty sweet homework.
Uh...  Who's Skye?
_
What's a D.P.?
Sounds awesome.
_
You sound really happy.
See, I told you that it
was the best thing for you.
_
Yeah.
Good thing.
Oh, please, please, please.
Please, please.
Please, please, please, please, please.
_
Voilà!
I come bearing new leather soles.
Of course, the repair guy
told me it was gonna take till next week,
but I sweet-talked him.
Are you okay?
I got a "D" on my chem midterm.
Oh, okay.
So,
you'll do better on the next one.
It doesn't matter.
Now...
now I have this "D."
I'll never recover.
This is bad. This is really bad.
Sweetie, you're overreacting.
It's just one test.
No. It's a huge part of my grade.
I'm not overreacting.
Okay, well then let me help you.
Um... we can do flashcards,
I can quiz you. Whatever you need.
You don't get it.
This isn't eighth grade algebra.
You're being too hard on yourself.
You know what you need?
Something to take your mind off it.
Why don't I take you out to a fancy lunch?
That'll cheer you up.
I don't have time for a fancy lunch.
I have to figure out what to do.
Come on, there's gotta be
something that I can do to help you.
There is, you can leave.
Now, please. I'll call you later.
♪ it's a whole new ball game ♪
♪ nowadays ♪
♪ so join us on our ♪
♪ exposés ♪
Hey, mom.
Hey.
Hey, did you pick up those undershirts?
Uh, yeah. I think they're by the back door.
The Ralph Lauren ones, right?
Yeah, extra soft.
Hey, honey,
did you get my e-mail?
My friend Kathleen is
looking for someone to D.J.
For her daughter's bat mitzvah.
Yeah, um... I don't know.
Bat mitzvahs aren't really my thing.
Honey, it's a job.
But, mom, I've worked my ass off all
summer to build a name for myself.
If I want to keep that growing,
I can't spin at kids' parties.
Not even if it's 200
bucks for three hours work?
Not even.
So, how's the musical coming, Hammerstein?
It's coming.
I mean, the lyrics are there.
I'm just pulling lines from the book.
But the music... everything's
just feeling too simple.
I mean, I can read music
but writing it is...
Yeah, totally different skill.
Hey, would you, um...
Just...
could you listen?
Sure, I got a second.
♪ it's a whole new ball game ♪
♪ nowadays ♪
♪ so join us on our ♪
♪ exposés ♪
♪ of scandals, secrets, sex, and lies ♪
♪ you won't believe your eyes ♪
♪ it's a whole new ball game ♪
♪ nowadays. ♪
Sounds like a good start.
Toby.
Okay, um, I would pick
up the pace a little bit.
Maybe try swinging the eighths.
Swinging the eighths.
And, um... I would do it in a minor key.
Minor?
Wouldn't that be a little melancholy?
This'll jazz it up.
Okay.
♪ It's a whole new ball game nowadays ♪
♪ so join us on our exposés ♪
♪ the scandals,
secrets, sex, and lies ♪
♪ you won't believe your eyes ♪
♪ it's a whole new ball game ♪
♪ nowadays. ♪
See, there you go!
Hey, here's a crazy idea.
Why don't we work on this together?
You could be the composer.
I don't know.
No, honey, it'll be fun to work together
and I would pay you.
I just don't know how much help I'd be.
I don't...
musicals aren't my thing.
Honey, a lot of things
aren't your thing lately.
I'm just being selective.
Keep up the good work.
_
- _
Josh!
Wait up!
I'm off the clock.
Invoice me.
I need your help.
- What's up? Are you okay?
- I got a "D" in that test.
Seriously?
- You knew that stuff.
- I thought so too.
Look at this.
I did the math.
The test was 30% of my final grade.
So to get above a "C" in the class...
You'd have to ace everything else.
And that's not happening.
A "C" isn't even good enough to
get into a good med school, right?
Do you think I should drop
the class and try to take it
again next semester?
Only you can make that decision.
You guys have been apart for a while and
it's gonna take you some time to readjust.
But there's this pressure for
every moment to be perfect.
And he's got this whole
world out there without me
and he seems to really love it.
Well, that's great.
That's not great?
I want to be happy for him. I do.
I'm the one who convinced him to go,
but he is just so happy without me.
Honey,
he flew halfway across
the country to be with you.
He loves you.
What if he's changing?
Or I'm changing.
Of course he's changing.
He's in college now. It's inevitable.
But...
We have to give them time
and just try to change with them.
Let the relationship evolve.
So you're saying I should
become a film connoisseur.
I'm saying...
try and connect.
_
Hello to you too.
Yeah, he's got amazing potential
and his arm is like a rocket.
_
Why not?
He's talented, he's excited about it.
_
You know, it bugs me
when people bag on sports.
Okay, sports build character.
Sports teach kids how
to strive for excellence.
And also how to handle failure.
_
Well, let me tell you something.
Baseball has been very good to me,
thank you very much.
And I don't see why Travis shouldn't be
able to strive for exactly the same thing.
He is that good.
_
Do you think that maybe you're
being a little territorial, here?
Do you have his best interests
in mind or your precious program?
_
Travis is 19.
Okay.
He is old enough to make up his own mind.
_
Back off.
She acted like I don't give
a rat's ass about education.
That's ridiculous.
I know you have Travis' best
interests at heart, honey.
That kid has got a real shot
and not everyone is so lucky.
You mean, like you were?
Yeah, my high school coach,
he had to jump through hoops
to get me seen by a Royals recruiter.
And if he had not gone the extra mile,
I would not have had a career in baseball.
Oh, come on.
Are you telling me that
you agree with Melody?
You think this is all about me?
I just wonder if maybe it's a
little too important to you, honey.
Wait, is this right?
Are we still paying for
Toby's car insurance?
I've been meaning to
talk to him about that.
Jeez.
That Beemer is not a cheap car.
What other expenses of
his are we still covering?
Well, he's under our health
insurance, our cell plan.
- Ugh!
- I know, it's a lot.
What happened to the kid who used
to make monthly expense spreadsheets
and begged you for a job at the car wash?
That kid was a married man.
You know what, I got him
a job at a bat mitzvah
and I offered to pay him to
help me work on my musical
and he turned both down.
And here, most kids would leap at the
opportunity to work with their mother.
That's not the point.
He just doesn't seem worried
about supporting himself.
I mean, at all.
Kathryn, I hate to break it to you,
but this may be the child that we raised.
We have always provided for him.
I think it's time we cut the strings.
What have you done with my wife?
Professor Marillo?
Yes.
Hi.
Hi, I'm Regina Vasquez.
My daughter Daphne is in your
first year chemistry class.
Oh.
Oh, I'm sorry to be
interrupting your dinner.
No, no. N... um...
What can I do for you?
Um...
Daphne has never gotten a
"D" before in her entire life.
Well, this is college.
"A" students become "C" students
despite their best efforts.
The workload is just much more intense.
Of course, I mean, I know that.
But, um...
Daphne has additional challenges.
She's adjusting to an interpreter.
She's never had one in high school.
And...
I've seen the terms she's
trying to cram into her brain.
I mean, hearing students would have trouble
pronouncing those words.
- Are you playing the deaf card?
- Of course not.
Maybe a little.
She needs time to acclimate.
More than the other students.
Is there any way she
can take that test again?
I do not give retests.
But, in this one case
maybe you can make an exception.
That would set a precedent.
I hope you understand.
Thank you for your time.
Maybe some of the other students come from
generations of doctors,
but Daphne has made
all of this for herself.
This is all her.
She's worth it.
I'm sorry.
Thanks again.
How are the captioning glasses?
_
Well, don't knock K.C.
This theater is screening classics.
_
So, uh...
Chinatown.
I really loved how they
stayed with his P.O.V.
Film noir is so...
Nihilistic in a good way.
- _
- Look, I'm just trying to...
_
I'm an artist, too. So...
- _
- Always.
_
Oh, uh... who is that?
She's not, like, into you?
What is with that face?
Emmett, just tell me.
- _
- What?
_
- _
- If it wasn't a big deal,
then why didn't you
tell me when it happened?
- _
- Like what? Like mad?
_
Okay.
We should get going.
_
Yeah, I don't know.
Oh, that's cool of him.
_
You really want to know?
I'm on team Melody.
I don't think you should do it.
_
Most jocks are a bunch
of narcissistic jerks.
And I don't want you to become one too.
I have a bad feeling about it.
I have to say how I feel.
So there it is.
Hey, mom, my phone's messed up.
Did you guys forget to
pay our bill or something?
Well, it's not so much "our bill" anymore,
it's yours.
What?
Your dad and I think it's time you started
paying for your insurance and your phone.
You're not living under
our roof anymore and...
So you just turned off my phone?
We didn't turn it off.
We just discontinued your data plan.
This is absurd.
What is absurd is that you are an adult
in your own apartment and
we still pay for a lot.
I'm doing the best that I can
with what I'm making right now.
Honey, if you are turning down work,
I don't think you're doing
the best that you can.
Is this because I won't
work on your play thing?
It's not my kind of music!
See, what is with that attitude?
Work is work. You have to humble yourself
and take whatever job that you can.
I know that.
Okay, so then why are
you being so selective?
'Cause you know dad and
I will pick up the slack?
Honey, you have to have a plan.
Musicians don't have
traditional trajectories.
I know that.
And I love that you
get to do what you love.
Really? 'Cause it doesn't sound
like you're supporting me at all.
Oh, God, you didn't?
I was trying to help.
What did you even say to her?
I just wanted to make sure she
was aware of the challenges...
You used my deafness?
She needed to know your story.
She knows I'm deaf.
But she probably doesn't know the extent
of the extra challenges you face.
She does. She just hates excuses.
Why didn't you tell me first?
So that I could have talked you out of it.
Parents have a right to communicate
with their kids' teachers.
They're called professors.
Hey!
Mom, I'm not in high school anymore.
This is college.
I know that.
Do you know how humiliated I am?
You made me look like a baby.
An invalid, a disabled whiner.
- All I said was...
- You never went to college.
So what?
So you don't get it.
I don't care how many diplomas you get,
you are never to speak to me like this.
Never.
You've never been in this world.
You don't know how it works.
Stop right there
before you say something you'll regret.
I do not like the person you're becoming.
_
It's almost 4:00.
I hate this. I can feel
our minutes slipping away.
_
So, do you have an early class tomorrow?
With Skye?
_
Why didn't you tell me?
But how are we supposed to stay close
if you're keeping things from me?
I mean, you have to tell
me when things are bad.
_
Yeah, thank God for Skye.
So is it my fault that she kissed you?
_
Okay, it's not about the kiss.
It's not even about her.
It just doesn't feel the same.
_
So, what? You think I'm some
pathetic, loser, criminal?
_
I know.
But it's only temporary. I...
I'm still coming to L.A.
_
As soon as I'm finished
with my community service.
_
What?
Why would I do that?
_
Are you serious?
Who are you right now?
_
W...
Emmett!
where are you going?
Your flight doesn't leave for three hours.
_
I'm sorry about my mom.
For the record, I did not
send her to come talk to you.
I'm glad to hear that.
I'd like to think that
you fight your own battles.
I need you to sign this, please.
This is a drop form.
You're giving up?
I'm facing the facts.
We both know how I did on that test.
You got a "D," but do you know why?
I really knew that
material, or I thought I did.
You lost 30 points by
making one fatal error.
You confused anions and cations.
Anions have a net negative charge.
They have more electrons than protons.
And cations have fewer electrons
which makes them positively charged.
I totally knew that.
By confusing the two,
you got this entire second section wrong.
Now, as I told your mother,
I do not allow retakes.
I do occasionally allow
extra credit assignments.
You do?
2,500 words on the difference
between anions and cations
due on my desk first thing Monday morning.
If you do a good job,
I will raise your "D" to a "C."
Seriously?
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
And...
Some advice.
You're gonna hit
a lot more roadblocks
on your journey to becoming a doctor.
In the future,
don't be so quick to give up.
That's it.
_
This is what he wants.
I, uh...
I came on as assistant coach.
Our little conversation,
you know, got me thinking
about my own life.
_
Okay.
Oh, whoa.
Sorry.
Hi! Hey.
You look amazing.
I am definitely borrowing those.
Yeah, it's the first time
in months that I've actually
wanted people to look at my feet.
Did Emmett leave?
Yeah, um...
He didn't have a lot of time.
Uh, hey!
Ladies!
What's going on?
- Hey.
- Hi.
My buddy lives in the other wing.
Um, isn't it past your curfew?
My house arrest is up.
Nice!
This calls for a toast.
Either of you care for an adult beverage?
I'm good, thanks.
Ah... is there anything other than beer?
Well, let's find you an apéritif.
Hmm, a what?
I don't really know what it is, but...
Hey!
Hey, yourself.
So...
Turns out I'm gonna need you
back in chemistry on Monday.
So you're not dropping?
What happened?
Marillo said I could do
an essay for extra credit.
So my weekend is completely shot,
but at least I'll still pass.
Wow.
What exactly did you say to her?
Uh, well...
It's not what I said.
When my mom found out I was dropping,
she went and talked to Marillo.
Oh.
I know, right? I'm in college
and my mommy has to come bail me out.
Consider yourself lucky.
When I told my parents that
I was dropping chemistry,
they acted like I'd canceled
a magazine subscription or something.
Sometimes I wish
that they fought me harder.
What your mom did was pretty cool.
Yeah, I guess it was.
Hey!
Sorry I'm late.
No worries. It was worth the wait.
Uh, we're gonna go catch a movie.
I'll see ya on Monday.
Sounds great. Have fun.
Thanks.
So, what...
What exactly are we drinking?
Uh... when it comes to jungle juice,
it's probably best not to ask.
Mm.
Well, I taste fruit punch
and just a hint of nail polish remover.
Oh, well,  that's a good year.
Oh.
Um...
So how is, uh... Emmett?
He is good.
He actually came into town to surprise me.
That's great.
I guess you two are meant
to be after all, huh?
Mm-hmm.
Yeah, I mean we only actually
had, like, five seconds
alone together and then
we got into this huge fight
and he just took off, so...
I'm sorry, I shouldn't be telling you this.
No, it's cool.
We're friends.
If you need to vent, I can listen.
Thank you.
Let's just say this long
distance thing sucks.
On the bright side, we're at a party.
We are attractive.
We are not under house arrest.
The night is young and so are we.
To the night.
To the night!
Yeah.
Hey.
Hi.
I need the papers for the BMW.
I'm thinking about trading it in.
Is that in the study, or..?
Are you, uh...
Sure?
Don't really have much of a choice.
Yeah.
Your dad and I shouldn't have
cut off your phone like that.
That was a little crazy.
I was just blindsided. I mean, you know...
You guys have always paid for stuff
and then suddenly
'cause you're feeling weird about it.
I love that you rely on us, but...
I don't think we should
keep paying for things
just to keep you close.
I guess I don't want that either.
The paperwork's in the
filing cabinet in the study.
Cool.
Actually, there was something else.
I was wondering if you wouldn't
mind listening to a new song
I've been working on.
- Oh, sure.
- Yeah.
♪ This is a song from a musical ♪
♪ I'm gonna write a
musical with my mom ♪
Really?
I'm in!
Oh, good!
I am so excited!
When do we start?
Uh... well, first thing's first.
I'm gonna need to read the book.
What?
- What? Toby, you haven't read my book?
- I'm sorry.
Hi.
I'm so sorry.
I'm just so stressed out all the time.
And I'm terrified
that I'm gonna fail and let everyone down.
I know.
After everything I put
you through last spring.
It's all right.
And I shouldn't have gone
to see your professor.
I wanted to make sure they were being fair.
And I think that I was curious
to meet this amazing woman
who you respect so much.
Oh, mom.
She's great.
But I wouldn't trade you for anyone.
Thanks.
So what are you gonna do?
Well, I spoke to her.
And...
She gave me extra credit
so I could get my grade up.
What?
I know.
I think you got through to her.
This calls for a celebration.
Bad movie and gelato?
Yes!
I'll get the blanket.
I'll get the gelato.
- synced and corrected by chamallow -
- www.addic7ed.com -
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org